## Convenient Trading Interface

Experience our streamlined and user-friendly interface designed to keep
your focus on what matters most---trading.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/3_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## Integrated Signals

Strategize with precision---utilize our advanced signals boasting 87%
accuracy to craft your own effective trading strategy.

## Trading Indicators

Explore our collection of essential trading indicators designed to
enhance your trading performance and increase your account balance.

## Perfect speed

Experience unmatched performance with our platform, powered by the
latest technology to ensure incredible speed.

## Review Quotex India Feedback from traders

### Deemitrus

This platform is fantastic; everything operates seamlessly. The support
team is excellent, always ready to assist in any disputes. Additionally,
the trading platform performs superbly fast, complemented by real-time
quotes and the option to set expirations ranging from 1 minute to 4
hours.

### Hitesh Luhar

This trading app is exceptional. It consistently processes withdrawals
ahead of schedule and operates transparently, unlike many other
platforms. I've been using this app from the beginning and it's truly
excellent. The customer support is outstanding, providing prompt and
helpful responses to all inquiries. I highly recommend using this app
for trading; it excels in every aspect. No other app matches its
performance. The indicators within the app are user-friendly, making it
easy for anyone to use and understand. It's a remarkable app for
trading.

### ashok kumar

Quotex is an excellent trading platform. It features responsive charts
that quickly adapt to market changes and are highly customizable. The
platform includes numerous popular indicators, each adjustable to suit
individual trading preferences. Additionally, both deposits and
withdrawals are processed swiftly.

## Start trading width Quotex Trading in 3 steps.

### Practice

Familiarize yourself with the functions of the platform and practice
with the tutorials available on the website on how to trade online.

### Deposit and trade

Start by depositing \$10 to start with your first investment, you have
more than 400 assets available.

## Frequently asked questions

How to learn?

Sign up and train on a demo account. It is exactly the same as real
trading, but for free.

How long does it take to withdraw funds?

On average, the withdrawal procedure takes from one to five days from
the date of receipt of the corresponding request of the Client and
depends only on the volume of simultaneously processed requests. The
company always tries to make payments directly on the day the request is
received from the Client.

What is a trading platform and why is it needed?

Trading platform -- a software complex that allows the Client to conduct
trades (operations) using different financial instruments. It has also
accesses to various information such as the value of quotations,
real-time market positions, actions of the Company, etc.

Is Quotex real or fake?

Real Currency: What You Need to Know. Quotex allows deposits and
withdrawals in fiat currencies and crypto. There have been no credible
reports of fake or non-existent funds being used on Quotex so far.
However, it is crucial to remain vigilant about signs of fraudulent
currency when trading on unregulated platforms

Can you withdraw from Quotex?

Yes, you can withdraw funds from Quotex to any valid bank account that
supports the chosen withdrawal method. However, it's important to verify
if there are any limitations or restrictions based on your country or
region

Can I trade with the phone?

Our platform runs on the most modern technology and opens in the browser
of any computer or mobile phone

What is the minimum deposit amount?

The advantage of the Company's trading platform is that you don't have
to deposit large amounts to your account. You can start trading by
investing a small amount of money. The minimum deposit is 10 US dollars.

Is there any fee for depositing or withdrawing funds from the account?

No. The company does not charge any fee for either the deposit or for
the withdrawal operations. However, it is worth considering that payment
systems can charge their fee and use the internal currency conversion
rate.

Is Quotex legal in India?

Quotex Trading App is legal in India and provides traders with a
reliable and secure platform to access global financial markets. While
there are risks involved in online trading, using risk management tools
and educating yourself on best practices can help mitigate those risks
and increase your chances of success

Is Quotex banned in India?

QUOTEX Broker is legal in India. Traders in India can take advantage of
all the features that this broker has to offer, including the ability to
trade on a wide range of financial markets and assets.

